Update manage-cluster-horizontal-scaling.md (#49)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/manage-cluster-horizontal-scaling.md

    * Number of failed queries are below a defined minimum.

> [!NOTE]

> > The scale in logic currently requires a 1-day evaluation before implementation of optimized scale in. This evaluation takes place once every 6 hours. If a quicker change is needed, use [manual scale](#manual-scale).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The scale in logic currently requires a 1-day evaluation before implementation of optimized scale in. This evaluation takes place once every 6 hours. If an immediate change is needed, use [manual scale](#manual-scale).
```
